1.
Given an AST of the expression, in which order do we evaluate it?
or,
Given a fixed execution order, in which way should we parse the expression to get the intended value of the expression?
-> I believe this would be the appropriate way to handle order of operations. In your parseExpression routine, you can encode
   how the AST should be structured which can include looking at the precedence values of operators.

2. 4 - 3 * 2

-- without negate
OP_CONSTANT 0 (3)
OP_CONSTANT 1 (2)
OP_MULTIPLY
OP_CONSTANT 2 (4)
OP_SUBTRACT

-- without subtract
OP_CONSTANT 0 (3)
OP_CONSTANT 1 (2)
OP_MULTIPLY
OP_NEGATE
OP_CONSTANT 2 (4)
OP_ADD

- If we were to remove OP_SUBTRACT, then every subtraction operator would have one extra bytecode instruction => larger bytecode.
- If we were to remove OP_NEGATE, constants like -3 => 0 + -3 which can also add bytecode.
- In general, removing operations result in larger bytecode, at the tradeoff of freeing up opcodes to do other things.

3. 
Implementation is to do the same resizing that we've done for other dynamically sized arrays.
+ No code enforced upper bound limit on the number of values on our stack.
- When should we stop growing the stack? Consider an infinite loop pushing elements onto the stack. A fixed size stack will catch these cases, without
  fighting for the heap.

4. 
All unary operators that return values.
Functions with one argument?

not in-place @ 1,000,000 negate ops
________________________________________________________
Executed in  296.56 millis    fish           external 
   usr time   21.27 millis  157.00 micros   21.12 millis 
   sys time    3.27 millis  729.00 micros    2.54 millis

in-place @ 1,000,000 negate ops
________________________________________________________
Executed in  316.30 millis    fish           external 
   usr time   14.82 millis  204.00 micros   14.61 millis 
   sys time    3.77 millis  933.00 micros    2.84 millis
